Make repo ready for CNCF (#64)
piraeusdatastore/piraeus: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Piraeus

> Welcome to Piraeus! Piraeus consists several repositories under the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to Piraeus! Piraeus consists of several repositories under the organization.
```

We encourage you to help out by reporting issues, improving documentation, fixing bugs, or adding new features.
Please also take a look at our code of conduct, which details how contributors are expected to conduct themselves as
part of the Piraeus community.

## Reporting issues

To be honest, we regard every user of Piraeus as a very kind contributor.
After experiencing Piraeus, you may have some feedback for the project.
Then feel free to open an issue.

There are lot of cases when you could open an issue:

- bug report
- feature request
- performance issues
- feature proposal
- feature design
- help wanted
- doc incomplete
- test improvement
- any questions on project
- and more...

> please remember to remove sensitive data from your issue description. Sensitive data could be password, secret key,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please remember to remove sensitive data from your issue description. Sensitive data includes passwords, secret keys,
```

network locations, private business data and so on.

## Code and doc contribution

Every action to make Piraeus better is encouraged.
On GitHub, every improvement for Piraeus could be via a PR (short for pull request).

> - If you find a typo, try to fix it!

Reviewer: "!" on every point are not really English style.

- If you find a bug, try to fix it!

> - If you find some redundant codes, try to remove them!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you find some redundant code, try to remove it
```

- If you find some test cases missing, try to add them!
- If you could enhance a feature, please DO NOT hesitate!
- If you find code implicit, try to add comments to make it clear!
- If you find code ugly, try to refactor that!

> - If you can help to improve documents, it could not be better!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you can help to improve documentation, that is great
```

> - If you find document incorrect, just do it and fix that!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you find documentation incorrect, go ahead and fix it
```

- ...

### Contribution workflow

Piraeus follows the basic "Fork and Pull Request" workflow on GitHub. [Here](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/)
is a short introduction on how to create your own forks and pull requests. 

A Piraeus repository may contain its own CONTRIBUTING file, containing instructions specific to that repository.
In general, we like to keep our git history readable by making liberal use of [`git rebase`](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git-Branching-Rebasing)
before creating a pull request.

After you've created your pull request, a [maintainer](./MAINTAINERS.md) will review all changes. The maintainer may
request changes or approve of the request as is. Once approved, the maintainer will merge the changes into the Piraeus
repository.

## Engage to help anything

We choose GitHub as the primary place for Piraeus to collaborate.
So the latest updates of Piraeus are always here.
Although contributions via PR is an explicit way to help, we still call for any other ways.

> - reply to other's issues if you could;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- reply to issues if you can;
```

> - help solve other user's problems;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- help solve other users' problems;
```

> - help review other's PR design;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't what the difference is between this point and the next one.

> - help review other's codes in PR;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- help review the code from other contributors in PRs;
```

- discuss about Piraeus to make things clearer;
- advocate Piraeus technology beyond GitHub;
- write blogs on Piraeus and so on.

In a word, **ANY HELP IS CONTRIBUTION**.

## Join Piraeus as a member

> It is also welcomed to join Piraeus team if you are willing to participate in Piraeus community continuously and keep active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also welcomed that you join the Piraeus team if you are willing to participate in the Piraeus community regularly.
```

### Requirements

- Have read [Contributing to Piraeus](./CONTRIBUTING.md) carefully
- Have read [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

> - Have submitted multi PRs to the community

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have submitted multiple PRs to the community
```

> - Be active in the community, may including but not limited

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be active in the community; may include but not limited to
```

    - Submitting or commenting on issues
    - Contributing PRs to the community
    - Reviewing PRs in the community

### How to do it

You can do it in either of two ways:

- Submit a PR in the project repo

> - Contact via the [community](./README.md#community) channels offline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Contact the team via the [community](./README.md#community) channels
```
